they don't burn yeah nice toasted brown
in color they look beautiful with the
death made on
oil
now my a thing to use a lot of olive oil
however but I was at the doctor's the
doctor had said that I don't have enough
good oil and olive oil is a good oil and
it specifically said that she should use
a little more olive oil and they're
cooking her third good oils that be good
for your body my cholesterol is fine
except the fact I needed more of the
good collector
Wow look delicious that they look
delicious
it's a little breezy and she's having a
hard time if they're keeping the fire
Johanna just a couple times was blowing
out here or they look delicious
okay how did you know babe you ready
hop on a it's pretty hot summertime is
here I think that's what's moved the
cooking outside if you do this inside
now and the house gets extremely one
let's go sir what's that is it it does
hurt okay I gotta go get a shirt on huh
I come out here without a shirt cut so
hot I can't even sample my my food on
camera till I get a shirt on I'll be
right out